general-settings.mdx, before:

---
title: "General settings"
description: "The Settings page lets you change a range of global settings to further customize your customers’ subscription experience."
---

![Global settings view - Inventory and pricing](https://cdn.juo.io/content-uploads/global_settings_5ce4cb9b42.png)

## Out of stock items

This section lets you manage what should happen when there is an out-of-stock item in a subscription. It can either be suspended until all items are back in stock, or it can renew normally without interruption.

![Global settings view - Out of stock items](https://cdn.juo.io/content-uploads/settings_out_of_stock_6ee659eed4.png)

## Price changes

This section lets you choose whether the products in existing subscriptions should be affected by price changes in your inventory.

![Global settings view - Price changes](https://cdn.juo.io/content-uploads/settings_price_changes_ab43431639.png)

-- ## SMS notifications

-- SMS notifications is a PRO feature enabled on request. Once enabled, it allows you to customize the notification for upcoming subscription renewals with custom sender and text fields. You can also use smart shortcodes to show the number of days until renewal and add a login link that lets your subscribers easily manage their subscription on their phones.

-- ![Global settings view - SMS notifications](https://cdn.juo.io/content-uploads/settings_SMS_notifications_cc281408ed.png)

## Email Templates

Once your customers begin their subscription journey, Juo automatically sends them email notifications at key steps. This section allows you to toggle notifications on or off and adjust the message content. Alternatively, you can integrate Juo with Klaviyo to set up a custom subscription notification flow.

![Global settings view - Email templates](https://cdn.juo.io/content-uploads/settings_email_templates_375672b6eb.png)

## Subscription intent

Subscription intent detection is a PRO feature that analyzes returning customers’ buying behaviors to identify potential subscribers. When enabled, it scans your order base and automatically tags customers who have purchased the same product variant at least twice. You can then use this tag to create targeted customer segments.

![Global settings view - Subscription intent detection](https://cdn.juo.io/content-uploads/settings_subscription_intent_e7ddcf650d.png)

## Cancellation flow

This section lets you set up a cancellation flow, including the cancellation message and suggested reasons. You can also offer an extra discount to customers who decide to cancel—the discount can be applied to selected upcoming renewals or permanently.

![Global settings view - Cancellation flow](https://cdn.juo.io/content-uploads/settings_cancellation_flow_7666876ec5.png)

## Customer Portal

The Customer Portal automatically adjusts to your theme settings, allowing you to further refine colors and button shapes to match your store’s design.

![Global settings view - Customer Portal](https://cdn.juo.io/content-uploads/settings_customer_portal_ced3f24362.png)

## Management options

In this section, you can decide which options are available to your subscribers in the Customer Portal. If certain options are unchecked, subscribers will need to contact support for changes.

![Global settings view - Management options](https://cdn.juo.io/content-uploads/settings_management_options_671659741b.png)

## Integrations

Here you can integrate Juo with other apps in your stack using your Private API Key.

![Global settings view - Integrations](https://cdn.juo.io/content-uploads/settings_integrations_5dd9770d91.png)

## Manage billing plan

After choosing your pricing plan during the initial Juo setup, you can view and manage your active plan, including its price and features. You can also upgrade or downgrade the plan as needed.

![Global settings view - Manage billing plan](https://cdn.juo.io/content-uploads/settings_manage_billing_plan_0bf08ee3eb.png)

Commit message:

Adjust settings
- settings section rebuilt to mirror the current architecture of the app

general-settings.mdx, after:

---
title: "General settings"
description: "The Settings page lets you change a range of global settings to further customize your customers’ subscription experience."
---

![Global settings view - Inventory and pricing](https://cdn.juo.io/content-uploads/global_settings_5ce4cb9b42.png)

## Out of stock items

This section lets you manage what should happen when there is an out-of-stock item in a subscription. It can either be suspended until all items are back in stock, or it can renew normally without interruption.

![Global settings view - Out of stock items](https://cdn.juo.io/content-uploads/settings_out_of_stock_6ee659eed4.png)

## Price changes

This section lets you choose whether the products in existing subscriptions should be affected by price changes in your inventory.

![Global settings view - Price changes](https://cdn.juo.io/content-uploads/settings_price_changes_ab43431639.png)

## One-time products price

This section lets you set up the pricing policy of one-time products added to the subscriptions. You can decide whether the one-time products should have their respective base price, or should the subscription discount be applied to them.

## Shipping rates

This section allows you to decide how active subscriptions should behave when you change the shipping prices. By default, Juo retains shipping prices for subscribers until they update their subscription (i.e. adding, removing, swapping products) - at that point they are asked to accept the new rate.

Once you enable Dynamic Shipping Rates, all subscriptions will be updated immediately after you change your shipping rates. However, note that the upcoming renewal will not yet be affected by this change, the new rates will be applied after the next renewal cycle.

## Tags

This section allows you to define the tags that will automatically be added to the Shopify orders created by Juo and customers who purchased a subscription.

## Cancellation flow

This section lets you set up a cancellation flow, including the cancellation message and suggested reasons. You can also offer an extra discount to customers who decide to cancel—the discount can be applied to selected upcoming renewals or permanently.

![Global settings view - Cancellation flow](https://cdn.juo.io/content-uploads/settings_cancellation_flow_7666876ec5.png)

## Integrations

Here you can integrate Juo with other apps in your stack using your Private API Key.

![Global settings view - Integrations](https://cdn.juo.io/content-uploads/settings_integrations_5dd9770d91.png)

## Manage billing plan

After choosing your pricing plan during the initial Juo setup, you can view and manage your active plan, including its price and features. You can also upgrade or downgrade the plan as needed.

![Global settings view - Manage billing plan](https://cdn.juo.io/content-uploads/settings_manage_billing_plan_0bf08ee3eb.png)
